The Marina Berth Booking System is a self-contained console-based program that can be used by the Marina Berth employees to manage the record administration. The Marina is a canal in which boats can be moored one in front of another, but they cannot pass each other. Therefore, the boats berthed nearer the entrance must be temporarily moved into a separate holding bay in order to allow a boat that wishes to leave access out of the marina.
The program allows the user to:
1)	Record a new booking. Before doing that, the boat length and draft are checked to verify that the new boat is short enough (max 15m) and shallow enough (max 5m). Then, the system verifies if there is sufficient space in the berth which is overall 150m long. If those requirements are met, the user can enter the length of the stay expressed in months. This information is used to display the rental price of the stay which will be ten times the product of the length of the boat (in meters) and the length of the stay (in months). The user can choose either to refuse the offer or to accept it. If the offer is accepted the user is asked for the name of the owner, the name of the boat, the boat length and to choose a boat type between “motor”, “sailing” and “narrow”.
2)	Delete a record.
3)	Display all the records.
4)	Exit the program.

The Marina Berth program uses a single linked list to store new records. It is designed to read and write information on a file. When the user tries to record a new booking, the file is read and the list is loaded. If the file is empty a new list is created. All the required information entered by the user is stored in an object that will be a new node of the linked list. Then the list will be binary serialized and will be written again in the file. The IEnumerable interface has been used to make possible to retrieve each record from the list after the serialisation. In addition to the requirements, the program stores in the record also the price of the rent, the date of the end of the rent and the position of the boat in the berth. Since each new record becomes the last node of the list, in order to provide the position to a new record, a method counts all the records already in the list and assigns to the new record the number of the position of the last record plus one.
In order to delete a record, the user has two options. He can search through the records by the name of the owner and the name of the boat, or he can have all the records displayed. In both cases, the user will have to choose the record that has to be deleted by entering its position value. The program searches the list for the record in which the position value is equal to the one entered by the user and removes it from the list. Then it reorders the position of all the records and it writes again the list on the file. Furthermore, the boats that have to be moved in the holding bay in order to leave access out to the boat of the deleted record are displayed on the console.
In order to display all the records, the program reads from the list and then uses a foreach loop to retrieve each record. 
